Update manuals sidebar to provide explanation over features (#393)
bufbuild/docs.buf.build: docs/cli-overview.md

---
id: overview-cli
title: Overview of Buf CLI
sidebar_label: Overview
sidebar_position: 1
slug: /manuals/cli/overview
---

> Buf is a helpful tool for managing Protobuf APIs. It offers various features, including code generation, breaking

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Buf is a helpful tool for managing Protobuf schemas. It offers various features, including code generation, breaking
```

change detection, linting, and formatting, to assist with Protobuf development and maintenance.

> Buf is designed to integrate with your existing workflow to make API development easier, regardless of project size.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Buf is designed to integrate with your existing workflow to make schema-driven development easier, regardless of project size.
```
